We have a really good system right here for managing trade interest. However, it's difficult if you want to manage the trade interest of an individual item from the user perspective of, I have this specific item, I want to assign different trade interest to it. Right now we have the perspective of, I want these things, I'm going to assign these trade interests to the items that I have. We don't have the, I have this item and I want to set an individual trade interest for it. We don't quite have that perspective. And so I think when we have all items selected for trade and we go to trade interest, we should basically see all of the global interest categorized in one section when we go to that management screen. that shows trade interest we have that we've applied to every item that we have. And then below that, we should have a separate section that covers the trade interest that we have that are only applied to some items. We kind of have that right now where it says, you know, applied to four listings, et cetera. And it gives you an idea of all the different things you're looking for out there. However, when we switch the trade view selector to an individual item, when we go to the trade interest screen from there, the trade interest management screen, you know, we should see the global interest because those apply to that individual item. But then we should somehow see the individual trade interests that are applied to that specific item And then we should also have the option to add more trade interest for that item. And you know it's one thing to create a new trade interest from scratch. It would be really helpful if we could take you know those existing templates or those existing trade interests out there from that individual item management screen and pull those in to that individual item and say, oh, well, you know, I have this trade interest that applied to like six other items. And here I am looking at this one specific item I have, and that trade interest isn't applied yet. I want to be able to quickly and easily find that template and drag it in here and attach that trade interest to this item as well. So now it's attached to seven items in total. And so, you know, I still have my global interest, which apply to every item, which I need to be aware of, but, you know, I don't want to go through and take existing kind of trade profiles and have to recreate them each time. Being able to manage your individual item and drag some of those existing trade criteria sets into that individual listing, you know, would be really helpful. So let's work on our trade management screen to facilitate that, particularly the individual items page. Because right now we just have the single kind of, you have a trade interest and you just apply it, you know, on a checkbox basis to everything. That is a little more challenging from a mental model perspective, I think.